As machine intelligence develops there are ethical and legal concerns to be addressed within the fields of creativity, authorship and ownership. Observing the intricacies of these themes, this review will examine the academic discussions surrounding them and how we might work towards a harmonic copyright system, one that prioritises human ownership but recognises AI systems as authors in an effort to encourage innovation and mitigate protentional recursion issues when using generated data.

A core discussion in the topic is the idea of an original creator, Mammen et al. (2024) examines the idea of creativity as uniquely human, relying on assumptions that the emotion, intention and personal experience unique to humans is what drives creativity. AI can't express conscious intent in the same way and is therefore not capable of creativity but despite this Mammen et al. (2024) suggests that there should be a higher threshold for originality in copyright law as the legal 'minimum threshold' could be achievable by AI. On the other side, Pearlman (2018) discusses the ideas of Alan Turing and argues that the process of generating ideas or outputs is alike in both humans and AI, it is a remix process using everything they have interacted with or been influenced by. This discussion surrounding legal boundaries for originality in IP law is indicative of a legal grey area, as Abdikhakimov (2023) points out that AI system are "blurring the line between transformative works and derivative works" (p. 6). These intricacies are also noted by Papakonstantinou & Hert (2020) and Chesterman (2020), with both articles recognising that arguments for legal personality offer too much simultaneous simplicity and complexity to be a fit-all solution. A common argument is that AI is operated by a user or developer in the same way as a paintbrush, a tool for a digital canvas, and so any originality is attributed to them. This assumes that users have full control of the process but Lim (2018) believes users can't take full creative claim over the work as the tool has increasingly independent influence on the generative process; AI-systems can recognise what people see as beautiful and create works in and outside of those guidelines.

This discussion leads further into a legal realm, research by Wang (2023) highlights that in most jurisdictions IP law requires a human creator for legal copyright protection but there is existing legislation for recognising non-human authors in 'computer-generated work'. Papakonstantinou & Hert (2020) argue in favour of granting AI the authorship of its work, suggesting that if algorithms could have human consciousness, they should be given status as a "digital person", a new classification of legal personality. While arguing for AI legal status, Papakonstantinou and Hert (2020) address concerns about the "period of legal uncertainty"(p. 6) its approval would create and suggest that different considerations should be made between AI implemented in hardware or software. This concern is explored further within automated systems such as self-driving cars by Chesterman (2020a), who looks into legal cases and suggests that assigning ownership to AI-systems could set a dangerous precedent for avoiding liability. In a later paper Chesterman (2020b) looks at identifying AI as a corporation, the "most common artificial legal person". For Wang (2023) the debate of legal personality falls into familiar themes of human consciousness and it notes the research into alternative identification (Chesterman, 2020) but decides that already existing corporations would be more suitable for this role. The discussion leads to a suggestion by Wang (2023) of a two author system; One would be the author responsible for the AI algorithm, its training data and the data it uses. The other is the author of the inputs used to generate the work; He also suggests that the ratio of ownership should be determined by the owner of the algorithm. In many jurisdictions (Wang, 2023) there is already legal precedent for 'computer-generated works', which lights the path for coming legislation but doesn't provide solutions to all presented problems. This has been taken a step further in Australia, where AI can be recognised as an author but the ownership and copyright protection still requires a human element. Matulionyte (2023) discusses the issues surrounding this is and is another voice in the claim for legal reform with the goal of protecting authors of original works.

Researchers agree that generated works should be protected to encourage innovation and investment in the field but even if the concerns of authorship are regulated, ownership poses another issue. The massive amounts of data being used to train models like ChatGPT remains undisclosed and this lack of sources for generated work creates fears that copyright laws are not being upheld and original authors are having their work stolen as shown by current legal cases against OpenAI (Wang, 2023). Alongside the two author system, Wang (2023) also advocates for a Copyright Management Organisation that acts as an intermediary between copyrights holders and users of a generative-system utilising those copyrighted works. To aid this international harmonisation an idea of 'watermarking' is suggested as a method to identify AI-generated works, helping to track authorship, mitigate AI recursion issues and promote the development of international standards. J. J. Thakkar and A. Kaur (2024) further explore the ideas of watermarking in their paper and look for a focus on robustness and proactive implementation rather than reactive detection.

The issues of machine "agency" offer differing complexities in every legal realm and so need to be dealt with individually by standards regulators within their fields, to begin this standardisation process an international standard has to be established for legal ownership and authorship of AI-generated work. Academics in the field have proposed steps towards the process of harmonisation, namely a two author system of ownership and the use of an intermediary to manage copyright between owners and users ; this tracking of authors and owners would also be benefitted by 'watermarking'. The theme calls for further research into the idea of a 'digital person' and the regulations surrounding it as well as the legal qualifications for originality. The legal landscape would benefit from international harmonisation of regulations and the ideas suggested are important steps towards the process.
