Python sees empty string as false Vs not empty string as true.

Algorithm, 
Top down design - tree structure 
Breaking down a problem into subsequent tasks until it is solvable 

**Networks ----- Cables**
Wired vs wireless
Wireless
     Satellite
     Radar
     Bluetooth
     Radio
     TV
     Cellular
     GPS
     Infrared Comms
     WLAN (wifi) IEEE 802.11
     RFID
Wired ±---++-----+-+++-------
Twisted
    unshielded(UTP), cheapest l, cat(category) 3 to 6 defines the max cable speed. RJ 45. Uses multiplexing.
    Shielded (STP) - used mostly by IBM. Thicker, braid and/or foil, two layers of insulation. For the prevention of electrical interference.
Coaxial 
Fibre-optic 
     Very thin, optical strands. A light conducting core has a width of 50(EU) or 62.5(US). This is for multimode, where data can be sent both ways.
     Singlemode cores are much thinner and are for single direction communications.
     Optical interfaces are the converter devices at each end of the cable to turn light into electrical signal. These are the most expensive part.
     Spread out pulse, the light bouncing in the cable is fragmented in such a way that none of the beams intersect, if this happened the data would mix/corrupt.
     Dense wave division multiplexing (DWDM). Up to 25000 simultaneous transmissions
     **Properties:**
     Electrical noise immunity
     Difficult to tap(security)
     Lightweight
     Small
     
Modern wiring/cabling plans
    Cabinet on each floor
    Patched wiring into cabinet, then sorted inside
    Consider:
        Can you run cable through wall, data transfer speed, cable length.
         cable weight in the building, can the building support the weight of all cables.
        Level of electrical interference.
        Cost (choose right cable as it's expensive to swap out)
        If swapping cables, the connector type might be different, which could mean also replacing devices.(Cat6 Vs cat7/8)
        User acceptance (device layout in office)
Multiplexing is used to transfer data along a cable, it is demultiplexed at the other end. 
